Update Set-EntraDirSyncEnabled.md (#13)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-powershell-docs: docs/reference/v1.0/Microsoft.Entra/Set-EntraDirSyncEnabled.md

## Description

The `Set-EntraDirSyncEnabled` cmdlet turns directory synchronization on or off for a company.

> >[!NOTE]
> >You will notice a new Service Principal in your tenant when you enable DirSync for the first time or reenable DirSync on an existing tenant. This new service principal is of appId 6bf85cfa-ac8a-4be5-b5de-425a0d0dc016 and its display name is Microsoft Entra AD Synchronization Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

>[!NOTE]
>A new service principal appears in your tenant when you enable or reenable DirSync. It has the appId `6bf85cfa-ac8a-4be5-b5de-425a0d0dc016` and the display name **Microsoft Entra AD Synchronization Service**.
```

Reviewer: I have added an optional suggestion above.

Also, add the same entry on `Set-EntraBetaDirSyncEnabled` - the `beta` version.

Reviewer 2: I suggest that this text is added as part of the normal text under description so we can reduce the alert boxes in this page. 
@SteveMutungi254 - We can also convert the existing alert boxes on that page to normal text. We can discuss this later.

Reviewer: @owinoakelo : Replace the alert boxes with this text:

A new service principal appears in your tenant when you enable or reenable DirSync. It has the appId `6bf85cfa-ac8a-4be5-b5de-425a0d0dc016` and the display name **Microsoft Entra AD Synchronization Service**.

Deactivating DirSync may take up to 72 hours, depending on the number of objects in your cloud subscription. Once disabled, the process cannot be canceled and must complete before you can take further action, including re-enabling DirSync.

If you re-enable DirSync, a full synchronization will occur, which may take significant time based on the number of objects in Microsoft Entra ID.

Additionally, if `BlockCloudObjectTakeoverThroughHardMatch` is enabled, re-enabling DirSync will block On-Prem to cloud object takeover/updates for all Microsoft Entra ID–mastered objects. To allow syncing of these objects, set `BlockCloudObjectTakeoverThroughHardMatch` to false.
